## 2825. Make String a Subsequence Using Cyclic Increments

You are given two 0-indexed strings str1 and str2.

In an operation, you select a set of indices in str1, and for each index i in the set, increment str1[i] to the next character cyclically. That is 'a' becomes 'b', 'b' becomes 'c', and so on, and 'z' becomes 'a'.

Return true if it is possible to make str2 a subsequence of str1 by performing the operation at most once, and false otherwise.

Note: A subsequence of a string is a new string that is formed from the original string by deleting some (possibly none) of the characters without disturbing the relative positions of the remaining characters.

 

Example 1:

Input: str1 = "abc", str2 = "ad"
Output: true
Explanation: Select index 2 in str1.
Increment str1[2] to become 'd'. 
Hence, str1 becomes "abd" and str2 is now a subsequence. Therefore, true is returned.
Example 2:

Input: str1 = "zc", str2 = "ad"
Output: true
Explanation: Select indices 0 and 1 in str1. 
Increment str1[0] to become 'a'. 
Increment str1[1] to become 'd'. 
Hence, str1 becomes "ad" and str2 is now a subsequence. Therefore, true is returned.
Example 3:

Input: str1 = "ab", str2 = "d"
Output: false
Explanation: In this example, it can be shown that it is impossible to make str2 a subsequence of str1 using the operation at most once. 
Therefore, false is returned.
 

Constraints:

1 <= str1.length <= 105
1 <= str2.length <= 105
str1 and str2 consist of only lowercase English letters.

## Solution JS ##

/**
 * Time = O(n)
 * Space = O(1)
 */
var canMakeSubsequence = function(str1, str2) {
    let str1Length = str1.length;
    let str2Length = str2.length;
    let l = 0;
    let r = 0;

    while(l < str1Length && r < str2Length){
        if(str1[l] == str2[r] || str1.charCodeAt(l)+1 == str2.charCodeAt(r) || (str1[l] == 'z' && str2[r] == 'a')){
            l++;
            r++;
        }else{
            l++;
        }
    }
    return r == str2Length
};